1. This are the requirements for the Address.razor form.
2. This form will be used independently or used inside other forms, Have a menu in the NavMenu.razor called Locations that call the Address.razor form independently.
3. It Should have optional parameters which can be set when used inside other forms i.e. VillageID,SubLocationID, LocationID, SubCountyID, CountyID. This parameters will be used to load values in controls of with id of village, subLocation, location,subCounty,county respectively.
4. When form is initialized it should initalize a dataset named addresses with schema as included view named vw_Address at vw_Address.sql. The stored procedure used to load data to the dataset is called sp_GetAddress as included in SPs.sql. The addresses dataset will be used to populate the select controls in the form. Use SocialFundDbContext.cs for database access logic
5. Populate the county select control with using unique values of CountyID and CountyName from the addresses dataset.
6. Impelement the OnCountyChange method to populate the subCounty control with using unique values of SubCountyID and SubCountyName from the addresses dataset where the CountyID is for the selected county option. 
7. Impelement the OnSubCountyChange method to populate the location control with using unique values of LocationID and LocationName from the addresses dataset where the SubCountyID is for the selected subCounty option. 
8. Impelement the OnLocationChange method to populate the subLocation control with using unique values of SubLocationID and SubLocationName from the addresses dataset where the LocationID is for the selected location option. 
9. Impelement the OnSubLocationChange method to populate the village control with using unique values of VillageID and VillageName from the addresses dataset where the SubLocationID is for the selected subLocation option. 
10. When form is loaded inside other form and VillageID parameter is set implement LoadVillage method that will take used VillageID parameter to get records from the addresses dataset where VillageID matches, it then selects the correct county option using CountyID to trigger OnCountyChange method, it then selects the correct subCounty option using SubCountyID to trigger OnSubCountyChange method, it then selects the correct location option using LocationID to trigger OnLocationChange method, it then selects the correct subLocation option using SubLocationID to trigger OnSubLocationChange method, it then finally select the correct village option based on VillageID
