1. Use Existing file Applicants.razor for the requirements below. Table schema is in the schema.sql file and its named Applicants, align the DBContext classes accordingly using SocialFundDbContext.cs for database access logic.
2. Create an interface to maintain records in Applicants tables using Applicants.razor for front end. the following are setting per field on the interface
3. use a flexible layout that will arrange controls in two/three columns if screen is enough and one column for smaller screen 
4. Create select control for dropdown options named sexDropdown to be used to display option matching SexID and maritalDropdown to be used to display option matching MaritalStatusID,
5. Reference Address.razor to be used in part of the form.
6. Lets arrange the diplay controls as follows  ApplicantID, FirstName, MiddleName, LastName,IDNumber, ContactNumber, Email, sexDropdown, maritalDropdown, Address.razor, CreatedOn, CreatedBy, ModifiedOn, ModifiedBy.
7. Create a common method the will be used to populate the sexDropdown and maritalDropdown when the form loads. To populate sexDropdown use stored prodedure sp_GetLookup with @LookupGroupID=1. To populate maritalDropdown use stored prodedure sp_GetLookup with @LookupGroupID=2. 
8. Implement the add/edit functionality use stored procedure named sp_AddEditApplicant, shared in SPs.sql file. the database logic is already implemented. 
9. Create a common method called GetApplicant we will use to retrieve records and display on the form, it should take four optional parameters i.e. ApplicantID,IDNumber, PageNumber, PageSize. Then calls the stored procedure sp_GetApplicants and pass the parameters to get record from database , and display on the form
10. Create a search functionality as follows: should be a modal form with search fields as ApplicantID, FirstName, MiddleName, LastName,IDNumber, ContactNumber, Email, sexDropdown, maritalDropdown, Address.razor; Should have a table below the search fields showing the results once a search button is clicked; call a stored procedure named sp_searchApplicant, and pass all the search fields to it; Once you double click on the specific record on the search result it should return the ApplicantID value to the calling function.
11. ApplicantID: input field,one can type in the ID and press enter and system calls the GetApplicant method to display records. Put a search functionality, a small icon at right of the field that when its clicked it call the search functionality in previous step 
12. Create a Table below the save button to show recent saved 2 records created/edit by the loggedin user , use same stored procedure sp_GetApplicants to retrieve records. After a record is saved it should display on the table
